Home of  Study Abroad. JnS Education.  Home of  Study Abroad. Leading Education Consultant & English Test Centers.  JnS Education has a team of well-trained Education consultants who provide you with aid for making your study abroad goals become a reality.  A platform that provides End-to-End quality assurance. We handle the entire admission process, from counseling to admission to visa.  International Student. University admission made easy with  JnS Education.  Easily collaborate with expert counselling team to find and apply in the right course and university.  Our team in 9 different offices and online counselling team available to guide you.  Need inspiration? Check out our Study Abroad.  Partner Institutions. Quality student applications reviewed by our compliance team.  Increase your presence worldwide and attract qualified international students with a single, easy-to-use JnS Portal trusted by more than 700 institutions worldwide.  Need inspiration? Check out our Partner Institutions.  Channel Partner. Apply to multiple universities at once –  for free.  Streamline and speed up your student recruitment process by managing applications all in one place.  Review your application pipeline and admission progress at a glance.  Need inspiration? Check out our contact page.  Study  English,  Confidently. Getting ready for your English test, like PTE or IELTS? We’ve got all you need to prepare. Our online teachers are really good at helping.  Partner  Universities. JnS Education.  Partner  Universities. 480+ Global Universities Enhancing Your Journey.  Your Study Abroad Journey with  JnS Education. Explore study abroad information tailored to your country of residence.  What our clients say. We handle the entire admission process, from counseling to admission to visa.  Official   Testing Center for IELTS, PTE, GMAT  and more.. JnS Education.  Official   Testing Center for IELTS, PTE, GMAT  and more.. JnS Education delivers a wide range of tests for many clients across different fields and professions. Every day, our test centers across 5 countries conduct hundreds of exams with the highest level of security and efficiency.  Seef, Bahrain. Explore upcoming intakes.  Courses. JnS Education.  Courses. At JnS Education, we help students in finding their right academic match and ensure a smooth university application process.  Popular University  Courses. Explore popular international courses, their tuition fee, academic requirements, and more.  You are in   good  hands. JnS Education.  Leading  Study Abroad  Consultant in Qatar. JnS Education.  Leading  Study Abroad  Consultant in Qatar. JnS Education Consultants listen carefully to what you want, making your study abroad journey smooth. You’ll end up in your dream university.  Free Study Abroad  Counseling. JNS Education provides Free counseling services and student visa assistance for students who want to study abroad. Apply Now For University Admission!.  Explore Top Study Destinations. We have formed partnerships with more than 500 renowned education institutions spanning across 7 different countries.  Official   Testing Center for IELTS PTE, GMAT and more.. We offer a range of convenient test dates for PTE UKVI, GMAT, and IELTS UKVI at our test centers in the Middle East.  Student Reviews. I want to highly recommend Ms. Madiha for her outstanding help. She enthusiastically assisted me in exploring multiple options and provided all the necessary details.  Would highly recommend.I was assisted by Ms Madiha, who had helped me explore multiple options and their details with much enthusiasm. She has been very helpful.  I am currently applying to Loughborough University, UK through Ms.Madiha. It has been wonderful working with her and she has helped me with all my doubts and queries.  This place is helping me on trying to reach to universities abroad and I would like to especially thank madiha on that because she has been helpful so.  JnS Education offers Free consultancy throughout Qatar, and if someone asks for any counseling charges on behalf of JnS Education, then Contact us Immediately.  JnS helps Qatar's students to study abroad in:.  Education consultants are expert and well-trained professionals who have in-depth knowledge of the study abroad industry and they will provide you direction and channel for your foreign education.  Some factors should be considered when choosing the best consultant for your education abroad.  أبدا رحلتك    الدراسيه للخارج معنا. JnS Education.  أبدا رحلتك    الدراسيه للخارج معنا. We listen carefully to what you want, making your study abroad journey smooth. You’ll end up in your dream university!.  Official   Testing Center. We are an official test center for multiple tests such as PTE UKVI, PTE-A, GMAT, LNAT, IELTS, and more….  We make student's admission Journey hassle-Free. Weather you want to apply for Foundation, Degree or English Language course, we will find the university or English Language Institute for you approved by Minisitry of Higher Education Kuwait.  You can apply to as many universities and English Language Institutes for free.  Congratulations !🎉👏🎊 You hold an offer of acceptance from an approved university. Discuss with us to decide which university or English Language Institute you should finally decide and sign university offer acceptance.  Don't worry, we know what to do.  Congratulations again ! your Financial guarantee letter from KCO is ready. We will will send your letter to university or English Institute for visa letter to apply for student visa.  As an international student, you are likely to need a student visa to take up your study in abroad university or English Institute.  Student Reviews. Had my OET exam here. So I’ll be reviewing just that.The staff was friendly and professional. However, I had a 10-minute delay until I started my exam. Although this didn’t affect the actual exam duration, it was a bit frustrating.  Kudos to the counselors for their dedication and commitment to providing an excellent services to the student planning to study in UK. Their work is a true testament to their expertise and passion for making a positive.  CBT test Center in Salmiya. Gulf Street .Experienced a professional approach.Hope the authorities keep a name board out side the building,it will help the candidates  to locate the center quickly.  I recommend UK Education Consultants for their services to study abroad. Being resourceful they assisted with the entire process from selecting the desired university to the student visa being granted. Optimizing team.  JnS Education offers Free consultancy throughout Kuwait, and if someone asks for any counseling charges on behalf of JnS Education, then Contact us Immediately.  According to the Kuwaiti Time zone, our operating hours are from 10 am - 6 pm from Monday to Saturday.  Education consultants are expert and well-trained professionals with in-depth knowledge of the study abroad industry and they will provide you direction and channel for your foreign education.  JnS Education helps Kuwaiti students to provide consultancy services in 7 major countries worldwide.  Home of   Study Abroad  in  Bahrain. JnS Education.  Home of   Study Abroad  in  Bahrain. Start Your Study Abroad Journey with Us.  We listen carefully to what you want, making your journey smooth. You’ll end up in your dream university.  STUDY ABROAD. JNS Education provides Free counselling service and student visa assistance for students who wants to study abroad. Apply Now For University Admission!.  Official   Testing Center for IELTS PTE, GMAT and more.. We offer a range of convenient test dates for PTE UKVI, GMAT and IELTS UKVI at our test center in Bahrain.  Student Reviews. JnS Education is the one and only Pearson test of English (PTE) center in Bahrain. They also give consultancy for higher education in abroad and specific to the UK. JnS Education works closely with university and candidate.  I recently used JNS for help with my university and visa application for US. The consultant was extremely helpful and knowledgeable throughout the entire process, answering all of my questions and providing guidance when needed. They were also.  Geat environment to take a test in, professional team, no delays, i would like to thank the exam administrator on his great work and help before, during and after the test, you will be comfortable taking your test at JNS seef, bahrain 👍🏾.  According to the Bahrani Time zone, our operating hours are from 10 Am- 6 pm from Monday to Saturday.  JnS Education offers Free consultancy throughout Bahrain, and if someone asks for any counseling charges on behalf of JnS Education, then Contact us Immediately.  JnS Education provides Bahrani students with study-abroad consultancy services in 7 major countries worldwide.  Leading  Education Consultant  & PTE Test Centers in Pakistan. JnS Education.  Leading  Education Consultant  & PTE Test Centers in Pakistan. Our expert education consultants are here to assist you in pursuing your dreams of higher education abroad, ensuring your path to a brighter future!.  Official   Testing Center. We are an official test center for multiple tests such as PTE UKVI, PTE-A and GMAT in Islamabad, Lahore, and Karachi.  Student Reviews. I had an amazing experience working with Mr Arsal Ansari from JNS team and Alhmdulliah got my study visa for UK on time. I’ll definitely recommend their services to all the students seeking professional guidance for a smooth application process.  I got my process done from Arsal Ansari at JnS Education. From the first meeting to the very last step, she guided me thoroughly and completed all the steps me for me. She made my study abroad journey very easy and fruitful.  Thank you so much Ma’am Sawera for your support and guidance throughout the process. I got the UK study visa with your professional experience and help.Professional staff, Desired results, Thank You JNS.  According to the Pakistani Time zone, our operating hours are from 10 Am- 6 pm from Monday to Saturday.  JnS Education helps Pakistani students to provide consultancy services in 7 major countries worldwide.  JnS Education Demand a 30,000Pkr Fee at the end of the process once your Visa is approved from the selected country.  Education consultants are expert and well trained professionals who have in-depth knowledge of the study abroad industry and they will provide you direction and channel for your foreign education.  Start Your   Study Abroad  journey with us. We are an official test center for multiple tests such as IELTS, PTE UKVI, PTE-A and GMAT in Pakistan, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, UAE, Bahrian and Qatar.  JnS Education offers Free consultancy throughout Saudi Arabia, and if someone asks for any counseling charges on behalf of JnS Education, then Contact us Immediately.  According to the Saudi Time zone, our operating hours are from 10 AM- 6 PM , Saturday to Thursday. Our Ramadan Timings are from 10 AM to 4 PM.  JnS Education helps Saudi’s students to provide consultancy services in 7 major countries worldwide.  Need inspiration? Check out our Study Abraod.  Start Your   Study Abroad  journey with us. JnS Education.  Start Your   Study Abroad  journey with us. We listen carefully to what you want, making your study abroad journey smooth. You’ll end up in your dream university.  Admission to Student visa. We help you with everything, from getting into university to filling out your student visa application.  Study Abroad. Help students with course selection and get into abroad universities.  معاهد اللغه الانجليزيه المعتمده. Learn and Master the English language with our professional coaching.  Student visa. Get help with your student visa from our skilled and experienced team.  Official   Testing Center for IELTS, PTE, GMAT and more.. We offer a range of convenient test dates for PTE UKVI, GMAT and IELTS UKVI at our test center in Kuwait.  At JnS Education our working hours, according to the UAE Time zone, are from 10 AM to 6 PM, Monday through Saturday.  JnS Education provides students with study-abroad consultancy services in 7 major countries worldwide.  Book a   Free  Consultation. JnS Education.  Home of   Study Abroad. JnS Education.  We're   JnS Education. JnS Education.  We're   JnS Education. At JnS Education, we help students in finding their right academic match and ensure a smooth university application process.  Mission & Vision. To offer expert educational guidance and to partner with more renowned international universities to facilitate students with their academic journey.  What universities say about us. Don’t just take our words – look around at what other higher-education universities and colleges are saying about us.  Students. JnS Education expert consultants will help you choose a university abroad, prepare for tests, select a program, and submit your application.  Reasons why   students   love us. Don’t just take our words – look around at what student are saying about us.  Drop us your query, and we’ll call you right away. We are dedicated to helping students achieve their goal of studying abroad.  Privacy Policy. JnS Education.  Privacy Policy. At JnS Education , accessible from https://jnsedu.com/, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by JnS Education and how we use it. If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us. This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in JnS Education . This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.  Hello, How we can   help you?. JnS Education.  Join the Upcomming   Events  from JnS Education. JnS Education.